Sir, City Hall just
just contacted me,
saying someone sent them
an anonymous email last night,
opposing your and your husband's
marriage registration.
The email content?
I've just sent it to
your email.
The email content shows
who sent the email?
Zoro has checked the sender's
IP address of this email,
the IP address originates from your manor.
Come here.
The anonymous email I sent to City Hall
before,
how did it end up in Huo Jiu Yun's hands?
Don't panic, don't panic,
the email address is secretly registered.
Even if Huo Jiu Yun is incredibly resourceful,
he can't be sure this email
was sent by me, right? What is this?
You'll have to take responsibility for your actions.
This wasn't written by me.
What to do? Should I run away?
I'll take a shower first.
I'll wash the dishes afterwards.
I'll wash the dishes first.